Categoria
XBOX 360

Termo de Busca
Sonic

Descricão
Taylab Toys proudly presents...  Space Wars Ben's Desert House 3D Printed Playset!!! Purchase yours now!!! https://www.facebook.com/taylabtoys/ https://www.instagram.com/taylabtoys/  Our new Playset for 3.75 Inch (9,5cm) action figures is ready for you to purchase just for 400 U.S. Dollars!!! (plus the shipping cost. The action figures are not included).   No more waiting for years for your order to come. First come first serve. We ship our model to anywhere in the world!!! A version for 6 Inch action figures is under contruction. This replica is 22x16x12 Inches big (55x40x30cm)  and weighs more than 11 lbs (5kg) and fully decorated with original house items and even much more!!! It has lights on the ceiling just like a normal house and illuminates the inside when the roof is placed. It has over hundred items inside that you can move or change their places. Everything in this house are precisely and carefully designed and 3D printed. Look at our photos and read the informations to find out more about the items in the house like the slide opening house doors, trap door which hides Maul's lightsaber inside or the safe inside the wall behind the clock or the table with the blue light which helps to illuminate the hologram.  What else can you have?   You get Ben's Gaderffii collection (3 Gaderffiis and a weapon stand) and Maul's Lightsabers (a switched off version, one blade and two baldes versions with its special box)for FREE!!!   There are 3 more expansion items!!!:  The sound box: For 60 Dollars more you can have electronical device placed inside the dome which can play 20 different long movie and animation movie dialogs, sound effects and many more switched on and off with push of a button. (The  audios are not ours to sell so you get them free)  Outside buildings: For another 60 Dollars more you get a sonic shower unit like the one in Lars Homestead, A toilet like the one seen in the Mando series, a moisture vaporator in its original size (tall as the house), some other units and 2 suns for the background (the suns are planned and being tested).  Sacred Texts: For 20 Dollars more you get the book shelf -which fits the safe inside the wall behind the clock- holding the sacred texts from the movie with their exact same shapes and colors and order!!! Three holocrons cubes!!! and our favorite a satin colored box which holds a bunch of golden hair from Ben's deceased secret wife.  A 4th Expansion will be designed soon as the basement of the house in the deep underground which can be reached from the secret trap door which is already included to the house.  What else can you have?  You can practically buy anything in the house with 1:18 or 1:12 scale.  You can also choose to buy just one wall of the house with its accessoires to make an open diorama like the wall with the bed and shelves.  Not only that you can wish an easy removable "camera wall" at the location where the movie originally has been filmed, play the movie dialogs from the sound box expansion re-film it yourself!!!  And if anything is gone missing when you were playing or broken by an accident, we do no other toy companies do and replace your item with a small fee of its value or you can even purchase more of any item in the house how many you like.  One thing is certain. You will never get bored playing with our playset :)  If you want to purchase our model, if you have any questions about our playset or any other playset we have done, please contact us at Taylab Toys: https://www.facebook.com/taylabtoys/ https://www.instagram.com/taylabtoys/