Categoria
Xbox One

Termo de Busca
Game Watch

Descricão
How building my own music curriculum didn’t work until I found this time-saving teaching method without having to search for new songs on YouTube…  I started teaching music right after finishing my masters degree in choral conducting…   ...and, with no training, I was thrown into the deep-end of the pool.  I am a good musician, and I love teaching, but putting music and teaching together?  Man, that’s a whole different story.  Bad classes, bored students, behavioral problems….you name it, I saw it.  There were many days where I just wanted to quit.  But, I love teaching; I have it in my bones, and I need to share the joy of music with children.  My dream is to be the music teacher that people talk about 40 years later.  I so want to be that teacher.  The first step was to become better-trained...  ...so I started by going to Kodaly certification courses.  I then became Orff and Dalcroze trained.  I went to many conferences and workshops, and studied what great music teachers did.  And my classes started to get better.  I wanted more material to teach; more games, more activities…  …but it was taking hundreds of hours to track down new songs and games.  Out of sheer desperation, I created my own material to use.  And, after a few years, I found that there are certain activities that work year after year.  Then I thought…  “Why isn’t there one place where I can find great material, learn it quickly, and present it to my students?”  So I built myself a song database.  Now that I had all the activities I knew that would work in one place…  …I found that my classes went better and better.  I started to relax, and enjoy every class I taught!  And then it dawned on me:  “How can I share my database with music teachers worldwide?”  And that led to The Singing Classroom.  I developed The Singing Classroom with one mission:  Provide hundreds of songs for 4-12 year old children that they will love!  I made the database searchable by many different criteria.  This saves hours of having to search the internet for the right material to teach.  I want teachers to be able to learn this material quickly…  ….so I created videos and animations that demonstrate the songs and games.  The material is high quality.  There are folk songs from around the world along with songs and games that I created.  The content is engaging.  I give suggestions on how to teach the activity so students will beg to do it over and over again.  There are printable posters that can either be printed out or projected on a smartboard.  I incorporate Orff instruments into many of the activities that accompany the songs.  I even show how I use creative manipulatives…  …including puppets, balls, sticks and more to help make teaching more exciting.  I blend Kodaly, Orff, and Dalcroze methods for the most effective teaching experience.  My goal is simple:  Make the music classroom a joyful, engaging and productive place for teachers and students.  I don’t want music teachers to suffer anymore.  We all became teachers because we want to share the amazing gift of music with children.  Now is the time to try us out for free for the first 7 days!  https://singingclassroom.net/2-9-22/